[2.0.1] Split available_roles and roles_mapping into separate yaml documents … (#3119)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: docs/home/howto/CLUSTER.md

    kubernetes_node:
      count: 2
---
kind: configuration/feature-mappings

> title: "Feature mapping to roles"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Feature mappings to components"
```

Epiphany gives you the ability to define custom components. This allows you to define a custom set of roles for a component you want to use in your cluster. It can be useful when you for example want to maximize usage of the available machines you have at your disposal.

> The first thing you will need to do is define it in the `configuration/features` and the `configuration/feature-mappings` configurations. To get these configurations you can run `epicli init ... --full` command. In the `configuration/features` specification section you can see all the available features that Epiphany provides. The `configuration/feature-mappings` is where all the Epiphany components are defined and were you need to add your custom components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first thing you will need to do is define it in the `configuration/features` and the `configuration/feature-mappings` configurations. To get these configurations you can run `epicli init ... --full` command. In the `configuration/features` doc you can see all the available features that Epiphany provides. The `configuration/feature-mappings` doc is where all the Epiphany components are defined and where you can add your custom components.
```

> Below are parts of an example `configuration/features` and `configuration/feature-mappings` were we define a new `single_machine_new` component. We want to use Kafka instead of RabbitMQ and don't need applications and postgres since we don't want a Keycloak deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are parts of an example `configuration/features` and `configuration/feature-mappings` docs where we define a new `single_machine_new` component. We want to use Kafka instead of RabbitMQ and don't need applications and postgres since we don't want a Keycloak deployment:
```

```yaml
kind: configuration/features
title: "Features to be enabled/disabled"
name: default
specification:
  features:  # All entries here represent the available features within Epiphany
    - name: repository
      enabled: yes
    - name: firewall
      enabled: yes
    - name: image-registry
    ...
---
kind: configuration/feature-mappings

> title: "Feature mapping to roles"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Feature mappings to components"
```
